The Swarm Part-2: beaurocracy in space


  Author's Note:
  As a bit of preface, I would like to point out that the following story is a sequel. In case you did not have a chance to listen to the October episode of Dream Laser in which I participated, I'll say there was a tale about the crew of a space ship in space doing space things. Some of them died in horrific ways. (It was, of course, a halloween story.) There was a also an evil space god called Lord Yhybbih of Thyndis the Embracing.
  That story doesn't share a whole big bunch in common with the story in this episode aside from the setting (The Swarm) and some characters (The remeaining crew of the Swarm Cruiser South Ramonfurt). However, this story begins where the previous story ended, which will be cleared up in the first scene. This story isn't a horror, at least not the stabby, ghostly, mutilation death kind of horror. Maybe you'll think it a different type of horror.
  "Where is this going?" You might ask. To that I say "Shut all the way up, you bad of half used hotel sized personal care products!" I didn't know where this was going either until I knew and then I knew like you will soon know, which is good, you know?
  Sorry for the outburst. I just wanted to set up this sequel. Gosh, golly jeepers, I thought I was being helpful. Whatever, enjoy the story. Or don't but I hope you do. I really hope so.


  The Swarm Cruiser South Ramonfurt was returning to the swarm. It was a space-wednesday, humpday as they used to call it on earth. Literally nobody remembers nor can anyone reason why people would ever call it that...
  

  "Hillard "Redshirt 6" Dickens was a good crew member, among the best." said First-Mate (Now Captain) Krystal Powlowski of the Swarm Cruiser South Ramonfurt. She stood before her remaining crew, including Nav-Officer (Now First Officer) Viviane Streich giving a eulogy for her crew which had been savagely killed by Lord Yhybbih of Thyndis the Embracing (or her own torpedoes) while on  an away mission aboard Agship Murrayton. "Dickens was a Hollo-poet, and definitely the comedian on board this ship, The Swarm Cruiser South Ramonfurt. Remember the one about the vegetarians eating nuts?" She sighed. "Today, we rejoin the swarm without seven of the finest crew a first-mate (now captain) could ask for. That said, our first task is to rendezvous with Captain Eleanore Carroll of the Swarm Barge North-Northeast Netherlands Antilles at the aft edges of the swarm for debriefing and new orders."

    The captain retired to her ready-room where she was met by Nav-Officer (Now First Officer) Viviane Streich.
  "I just keep thinking of his smile and the way he told that one about the walruses at the tupperware party" said Streich.
  "I know you two were close. I must confide that I myself don't know what I'll do without the sage wisdom of Captain Leopold Herzog. What a fucking boss..." confided First-Mate (Now Captain) Powlowski.
  "And totally sexy and stuff" muttered the nav-officer (now first officer).

...ELIHWNAEM ... MEANWHILE...

  Space-Trucker Elmo was sleeping soundly in the captain's seat of Ol' Dusty the Idaho class clipper when the alarm started. "Sir", "wake up sir", "sir, please wake up", "Sir, we have incoming transmissions from the Swarm Cruiser South Ramonfurt and the Swarm Barge North-Northeast Netherlands Antilles". Elmo pretended to keep sleeping but made the grave mistake of asking Darwin, Ol' Dusty's built-in HVA (short for Holographic Victorian Assistant) "Oh what is it now?" Elmo noticed a can of jupiter juice on the dash. "Hair of the cat", they used to say. Elmo polished that off as Darwin started in. </br>"It seems gravely important Elmo, sir. You may want to turn back. listen to this transmission..." Elmo was hungover as usual and not fully comprehending Darwin's bullshit. Her whole job was to just keep the "truck" on course to its destination, the Agship Murrayton. It seemed that every few hours, Darwin, who was supplied by the company, had some "gravely important" news to impart to her. "Sir", "Sir", "Sir", "Sir"... "Shut the fuck up, Darwin" Elmo had a friend with genetalia could projectile urinate straight forward in any direction at a 90 degree angle. Elmo didn't want that sort of genetalia per say, but the idea of projectile pissing on Darwin was tempting a few times per space-week. "Sir, First-Mate (Now Captain) Krystal Powlowski of the Swarm Cruiser South Ramonfurt advises that you turn back to the center of the swarm. Shall I change course, sir???" "What?" replied Elmo groggily. "I'll be fucked if I give up this commision. Straight ahead sword, Darwin!"

    BEEP! BOOP! SKRRT! The coms panel came alive with another incoming transmission. Elmo thought "It's gonna be that kind of space-day. What a pain in the ol coinslot." 
    "This is Captain Eleanore Carroll of the Swarm Barge North-Northeast Netherlands Antilles hailing the pilot of the incoming Idaho class clipper, does that say Ol' Dusty?? The names these people give their rigs... We request that you change course immediately to rendezvous with us. Do you copy?"
    "Captain Carroll you've got Big Circuit. I copy but I'm afraid I'll have to decline your request. I've got a cargo hold filled with sixty-nine thousand, one hundred twenty-six important frozen turkey pot pies en route to the Agship Murrayton. If I don't drop these off in time for the harvest festival, I won't make my commision, sir."
    "Big Circuit, I think these are extenuating circumstances and The Great South Berkshire Transport Corporation might be persuaded by Central Swarm Council to still pay your commision considering the Agship Murrayton has been torpedoed. Now why don't you change course and dock aboard Swarm Barge North-Northeast Netherlands Antilles. We could sure use some pot-pies."

    Well, fuck if Elmo wasn't persuaded to just pay a little visit to the Swarm Barge North-Northeast Netherlands Antilles. "Darwin, I'm going back to sleep. Change course for Swarm Barge North-Northeast Netherlands Antilles and wake me when we arrive." commanded Elmo. "Of course, sir. by the way, have you heard the one about the clockmaker and the farmer's daughter?"
      "Haha, yea she really wound him up! goodnight, Darwin"
      "Goodnight, sir"



    "Oh for goodness sake. I've had quite enough of this. Elmo, WAKE UP!" Darwin raised the volume of its vocal processors so immensely for that last part that Elmo smacked her head agaist the ceiling of the cockpit and farted as she came bolt upright. This was not the best way to meet First-Mate Carson Sauer of the Swarm Barge North-Northeast Netherlands Antilles. "My god, what do you truckers eat?" queried First-Mate Sauer. "Umm" Elmo was helpless for a moment. "Look, let's just step out of the Ol' Dusty. So we can speak about matters at hand."
    Upon stretching, rubbing her head, then exiting the foul stench of her cockpit, Elmo was greeted by the sight of the undefined docked next to her truck in a giant docking bay the size of perhaps a football field back on earth. Nothing new. Sci-Fi characters are not impressed by sci-fi things. 
    "Great news, You've been asleep for many hours, during which time our captain, undefined has had the opportunity to speak personally with your supervisor at The Great South Berkshire Transport Corporation. You've been given a new destination to which you can transport the sixty-nine thousand, one hundred twenty-six delicious turkey pot-pies you've been carrying, the Swarm Brig North-Northeast Papua New Guinea... and hopefully not eating, and still get paid your commission." said First-Mate Sauer. 
    "That is great news, I'll be on my way then." Elmo was elated.
    "Unfortunately, we did you favor of storing your sixty-nine thousand, one hundred twenty-six pot-pies while you were sleeping as is Swarm Council policy. So, you'll have to pay the storage fees yourself before you can load them back onto your rig. oh, and have you heard the joke about the banana and the refrigerator?" replied a sympathetic First-Mate
    "I feel like you could have started with that instead of 'great news'. and I'm in no mood for jokes."
    "right, right. Well, your supervisor has graciously agreed to give you the funds to pay the fees as well and they have already been transferred to your account. So if you'll just make your way to the cargomaster's office."
  


  
  "Let's see here, we're holding sixty-nine thousand, one hundred twenty-six Turkey Pot-Pies for a Kertzmann, Elmo handle: Big Circuit of the The Great South Berkshire Transport Corporation to be transported to Swarm Brig North-Northeast Papua New Guinea. Do you speak on helaf of this Big Circuit?" Cargomaster Korbin Greenholt of the Swarm Barge North-Northeast Netherlands Antilles Looked vacant-eyed at Elmo over the desk of the cargomasters office.
  "I am Big Circuit."
  "Oh I see. Well, let's get you those pot-pies and get you on your way to Swarm Brig North-Northeast Papua New Guinea. I'll just need your Storage Retreival ID." Said the cargomaster matter-of-factly.
  "I don't have a Storage Retreival ID. I was never issued one."
  "No problem. Just get one from the Swarm Barge North-Northeast Netherlands Antilles office of secure identification. It's just next door. Shouldn't take but a moment. I will close my desk and cacth up on some paper work while you do that. You wont have to wait in line when you return." Elmo looked around the room. It was empty aside from Cargomaster Greenholt. 

  Elmo made her way to the room next door which looked almost exactly the same, except that behind the desk was a different vacant-eyed council employee and a little sign on the desk read "Security Identification Officer: Kuvalis". 
  "What can I do for you today?" said "Security Identification Officer: Kuvalis.
  "I need a Storage Retreival ID for a cargo of sixty-nine thousand, one hundred twenty-six Turkey Pot-Pies routed to Swarm Brig North-Northeast Papua New Guinea."
  "Certainly, this should only take a moment. just fill out this form. In the mean time, have you heard the one about the hacker and the dumptruck?"
  A form appeared on the desk in front of Elmo which she began to fill out.
  Security Identification Officer: Kuvalis said "Oh dear, it would seem that your transport license expired only a few minutes ago. You'll need to go to the nearest Swarm Council Licensing Office which is on Swarm Dreadnought North Saint Helena. However, you'll have to leave your rig here on Swarm Barge North-Northeast Netherlands Antilles We can't have you piloting Ol' Dusty without a license."
  "Are.You.Fucking.Kidding.Me???"
  At that moment, a voice spoke up from behind Elmo.
  "I couldn't help but overhear that you need to get to Swarm Dreadnought North Saint Helena. I'm First-Mate (Now Captain) Krystal Powlowski of the Swarm Cruiser South Ramonfurt. My crew and I have orders to go that way and I'll be glad to give you a lift." 
  



  Elmo left Ol' Dusty behind and boarded the Swarm Cruiser South Ramonfurt en route to Swarm Dreadnought North Saint Helena. During the trip, the villainous criminal Meredith Jenkins who was wanted for crimes on seventy-five swarm vessels was found to be stowed away in an effort to resurrect Lord Yhybbih of Thyndis the Embracing. He murdered one redshirt and was narrowly thwarted from further damage by our frustrated hero, Elmo Kertzmann. Elmo was thanked by First-Mate (Now Captain) Powlowski. Nav-Officer Viviane Streich of the Swarm Cruiser South Ramonfurt also tell a hilarious joke about a trapeze artist and a toilet. It was a rousing adventure to be sure but, sadly that's a whole different story for another day. Maybe a thursday.
  


  Upon arrival at Swarm Dreadnought North Saint Helena, Elmo was directed to the Licensing Office, where she waited in line for an absolute eternity before getting to the desk of Freeman who directed her to fill out a form, during which time Freeman asked: "Ok, are you ready to take your pilot's test?" "Seriously?" replied Elmo "It's just a renewal" she continued. "I'm just fucking with you." What a sense of humor on this Swarm Dreadnought North Saint Helena. "You're good to go. have a great space-day!"

  Elmo said goodbye to her new friends on the Swarm Cruiser South Ramonfurt, secured passage back to Swarm Barge North-Northeast Netherlands Antilles and immediately returned to Security Identification Officer Kuvalis. The office of secure identification was a bit busier than usual so Elmo waited in line, got the Storage Retreival ID: V7P-82778170, and returned to the cargo-master's office which was filled with frustrated people and the closed desk of Cargomaster Korbin Greenholt of the Swarm Barge North-Northeast Netherlands Antilles. "fuck, after all that, this place is closed?" she muttered. "Ahh, Elmo Kertzmann, you've returned. We've been waiting for you." said Cargomaster Korbin Greenholt of the Swarm Barge North-Northeast Netherlands Antilles. Elmo approached the desk, heard a funny joke about a carpenter and a seahorse, and paid the storage fees. "So, it seems that we were short on cargo space when you last arrived. No worries, First-Mate (Now Captain) Powlowski graciously agreed to store your cargo aboard the Swarm Cruiser South Ramonfurt. You should be able to retrieve the pot-pies from that ship without any further delay. Is there anything else I can help you with today?" 
  Elmo contacted her supervisor at The Great South Berkshire Transport Corporation and quit her job.
  
